# ILA test
For Xinlong - This is a test of using the ILA to try to capture the signal propagation through the delay chain. 

In this example, a GPIO pin gets driven to create a 2us pulse every 10us. This pulse is routed physically via jumper wire to another GPIO pin, which is connected to the input of the tapped delay line RTL module. The first 32 bits of the delay line's sample lines will be sent to an ILA for debugging. 

Reference `system.pdf` for how the block diagram should look.

## To run:

Run the Xilinx settings script from a command prompt window
```
Xilinx/Vivado/<version>/settings64.bat
```
You can then run the build script from the same shell
```
vivado -mode gui -source build.tcl
```

**NOTE:** You will have to look through the `.tcl` script to ensure that the paths are correct (some are set to my own path on my local windows machine). Point these paths to your own working directory.

The above command will create the project, build the block diagram, write a bitstream, and export the hardware XSA.

Then open Vitis (classic) and make a new application project specifying the working directory as your application build dir. Then:

1. Create a new platform from hardware (XSA)
2. Browse for the `.xsa` file generated by the build script
3. Generate boot components, target `psu_cortexa53_0` processor for FSBL
4. choose a name (e.g. `gpio_driver`) for application project
5. leave everything default in "Domain" settings. Just ensure the operating system is standalone. If not, go back and redo 
6. Choose "hello world" template
7. Open the application project, select `helloworld.c` and rename to `gpio_driver.c` (not necessary, but why not)
8. Replace the contents with `gpio_driver.c` from this dir
9. Click the hammer icon, or right click project and "build project". wait for it to complete
10. Click "Vitis" -> "Open XSCT terminal"
11. Click Window -> Show View -> Vitis -> Vitis serial terminal
12. Open connection in serial terminal with the "+" symbol. Choose approprate COM port, baudrate 115200
13. plug in board power, immediately send any keystroke in serial terminal to stop autoboot
14. Open XSCT terminal window, run the following one by one 

```
connect
targets -set -filter {name =~ "PSU"} 
mwr 0xffca0010 0x0
mwr 0xff5e0200 0x0100
rst -system
```

15. Right click project, click "debug as" -> " 1 Launch hardware". It will program the FPGA and move to a debug window 
16. Press the "Resume" key on the top menu (or press F8) to launch the GPIO driver program


Now go to Vivado and open the hardware manager. 

* Open target -> autoconnect
* Physically connect the output GPIO pin to the input GPIO pin with a wire
* Run the ILA trigger



